hi everyone new video related to some creations I love you say
made with sabrina shots
and with half crystal names always resia sabrina
and nothing I wanted to show local of the powerful let's say take star cue
then we leave
from this watch
the weather
obviously and the case
and then he did the same of falsehood
municipal for the classic maria andy
total acidity of svaroschi processing
bench let's say i like it all with question of deny nobody likes it
good life
and according to mind it is the best for watches
see this pissed-off magnet woman
the result is beautiful even worn I have to say aroundme true
large figures
then organized
festival I don't like to wear my tits very much for glasses
publish announcements
check the missions for white Rome
and finally they simply have
I made red and white nicole
and the other one I did with a fuchsia is a new mtb concept
very simple therefore arrested people this is not a swallow
staff ata do them
fish are the clos at this time only this date from the liberal state ho
made of various colors various sizes
who I am
whoa.
hotel and recommendations made with
the basilica madonna of crystals and forever from sabrina 4 mm
the surface with bicones from what I forget local from 11
Also here
perfect gianna really chains
I do not live in a strange that is very simple workings
let's say these ghosts more or less with the Department of Apparent Processing
a small square
always with a base with half crystals of 4 mm in the upper part
condono cayenne say svaroschi then I made of calcined same thing here in i
times
even if you are what this is
if you are great
and have the sea we say that
not only difficult to realize that I do not understand who and why novice ok
I have never loved swaroski, we don't need to say ronaldinho guide
initial then
for those who want tutorials and these delicious
mti the strap in short you can safely request me that
I will
text that immediately
realized this this evening at the smallest whim ball and it is inserted
emilia is the milan necklace and the necklace
and this family is also reflected in the fun
and it is very very pretty
finally I wanted to show you rings on the mail that have not penalized
made with this color and also with turquoise color in these cases of
Doctor Manhattan in Motion TV
* let's say
time the base is always of half crystals also the band
coveted financing of half crystals at 4 mm the top
made with db conad 4 mm
faithful cuddly
from 11 kg I would also be the simple tappet changed kiss
Here they are
very well in my opinion
I told you that it also repeats in turquoise and then if I buy that I made a
rhombus
as you know I hate pink like this colors but the stones are the bezzaz exit
my facet
voip calls later than 2pier and it is wonderful even if i am promoted
fallen in love
chopped peppe
ambulance with balls to fight accounting of the premises and localities
ranma 11
sorry gandhi wines 11 0
san miniato however these tt Italian share
wedding the simple conteria or even dying belief
and even here he made the base with I pointed to line 4 minima windows 7
transparent
what is the difference between these two
I will make the difference only in fascita because
in this case put the twitteri strap
15 eng download
from a center of the square's act on the other side
in this case they do not close themselves up they do not say
hence from here eagles available here.
i love you square
as if I didn't win this worn dress
a ring will be so relative amounts there will be so
but let's say a slow one
it is almost identical
Sliced ​​and identical stainless steel wool is enough just to change
lan let's say
the insertion of the band the realization of peace
if you do it yourself and the ball capricho the bracelet and also in other areas in the
in fact travis fingers
the monster on the phone
likewise
and here it is
what is becoming us
I repeat if you want all of reality's shows
these squares on the crosilla rings do not get fluke summary
scruples I realize very willingly
ask without problems
I am therefore waiting for your requests or anyway these comments always write
very kind and nothing
accelerates next video
a kiss to all hello